#Summary of the talk with Vinayak Naik sir. He was clearly not satisfied with the system in place. Some of the finer points are mentioned below.
----

===Q: What is the current procedure for applying for leave?===

There are many types of leaves. To avail any, we have to send an email, with the proper format to the admin-leave account. Apart from short casual leaves (2 days), all other types of leaves need to be approved by the Director. Supporting documents also need to be attached in the email. Casual leave for upto 2 days is deemed approved. However, a leave of longer duration will need to be approved.

===Q: Are you satisfied with the system in place?===

No.

===Q: If no, could you tell us the problems faced by you in the current process ?===

The biggest problem is that I cannot know how many leaves i have left and when i used them earlier.

===Q: What is the procedure for availing medical allowance ?===

Medical allowances are even more cumbersome. Every year i have to fill up a form, staple all the medical bills and go and give to the POC. 

===Q: Please describe the difficulty you face.===

  * Medical bills get misplaced.
  * you have to manually give it to Suruchi. Sometimes she is not in the office, sometimes i am busy, so it gets delayed. 

===Q: What is the process for getting reimbursements for your telephone and broadband bills ? Is there a cap on the number of connections that you can use ?===

You are allowed 1 internet connection. Either broadband or data card. Monthly bills can be reimbursed. However the cost of the devices (Wifi Router or USB-stick) is not included.
I think you can have at most 3 phones, although i am not sure. I use 2 phones. 

===Q: Do you feel this process is cumbersome ?===

Yes.

===Q: If yes, please tell us about the difficulties you face ?===

I have to take unnecessary printouts. I get my bill in the form of a pdf from the MTNL website. I have to print it and attach the form and then manually submit the form.

