#summary Staff Talks: Mr. Vivek Tiwari
#labels Phase-Requirements

=The Talk=

We had a talk with Vivek Sir with regards to getting knowledge about who are the  people who look after specific matters of administration such as applications for leave by faculty and staff, reimbursement requests, etc.


=Details=

As was planned Pranjal and Utkarsha met Vivek Sir on the 28th to discuss the project. The main purpose of the meeting was to learn about the staff members who are heading different departments and who in turn would be able to help us in our project.

During the discussion Vivek sir advised us to talk to *Anoop Sir*, as he  is the *Faculty Point Of Contact*. He would be able to provide us with a detailed overview of how the process of faculty applying for leave or getting reimbursements for their telephone/other bills works.

He also suggested that we talk with *Ms. Suruchi* from the Finance department as she might be able to help us understand how the reimbursements and the allowances are issued, once their applications have been approved.

=Plan=

We plan to talk with Suruchi Ma'am and Anoop Sir on the 3rd i.e Monday, as currently they were busy preparing for a board meeting on the 31st, and then we plan to talk with the faculty to have a first hand view of what problems they go through and if there are any other problems that we may accommodate in out software. The Questionnaires have been prepared.

In the meantime we were able to *access the procedural documents* of the Institute from *Ashwani Kansal Sir*. This has helped us to study the process ourselves that would help us in asking relevant questions during our interaction with Anoop Sir and Suruchi Ma'am. 