#summary A detailed explanation of the process of applying for leave by faculty
#labels Phase-Requirements

= Introduction =

We met the faculty POC (i.e Mr. Anoop) to get a hang of the process that is to be followed by the faculty when they apply for leave. Anoop Sir gave us a very detailed explanation of this process, explained below.

= Applying for Leave =

Before moving on to the process, it's important to know the different types of leaves that a faculty can avail.

  *  Work Leave:
 Work leave is when a faculty is invited to give a talk or present a paper or any such similar purpose. This leave is decided by Director on a case to case basis. It can be paid or unpaid. For this purpose an Invitation mail or paper acceptance mail needs to be attached. There are no restrictions on the number of days. Depends on approving authority i.e. the Director.

  *  Earned Leave:
 A faculty is entitled 30 days of earned leave in an academic year. They are also provided with an option of CARRYING FORWARD their leave in any are left.

  *  Vacation Leave:
 Vacation leave is a kind of earned leave however there is a slight difference. So if you take say 30 days of vacation leave  then Earned leave would count to only 15. 

  *  Unpaid Leave:
 Personal leave. Eg: Exceptional cases such as Dr. Raja Sengupta 

  *  Casual Leave:
 8 leaves in an academic year.  No Carry forward provision in this case. Medical or emergency leaves come under this. It is unpaid.

  *  Sabbatical Leave:
 Case to case. No instances yet.

=PROCESS OF APPLYING FOR LEAVE=

Request comes to POC who is the AM(HRSS) Anoop Sir in this case and he forwards the request to Director Sir. The director then decides whether to approve the leave or not and the faculty is then notified. The POC is also notified so that he can update his records. 
All this communication is done on mail. The leave record of each faculty is maintained by Anoop Sir.